Christafari comes to magnify the Most High God! Give thanks and praise. Give thanks and praise. Magnify Almighty God, Almighty Jah (Ps 69:30). We magnify, we magnify Your name Most High, Most High! (Ps 34:3). Blood, Blood, Blood and Fire! Blood.

You've got the freedom from what you've done, you've got the freedom (Rev 1:5), cause you've been saved by the blood of the Son (Wooe!) (Heb 9:12 & Col 1:20). You've got the freedom from what you've done, you've got the freedom (Jn 8:36), cause you've been saved by the blood of the Son. And so me sing we lift the Lord up Higher, our God is a consuming fire. We lift the Lord up Higher, our God is a consuming fire (Heb 12:29).

Chorus (2x): Blood and Fire, Blood and Fire (Acts 2:19)

Chat Chorus: I say Jah Works in mysterious ways, (said He works in) and I am one of His mysterious ways (1 Cor 9:19-23). Who has the right to judge the mind of the Lord so that he may instruct Him? (he may instruct Him) (1 Cor 3:16). I say Jah works in mysterious ways and I am one of His mysterious ways (I am, I am, I am). But Jah know we have the mind of Christ so that we may be like Him (1 Cor 3:9).

He was a radical-different in every way, controversial-the talk of the town hear them say; them want to crucify the Carpenter on Good Friday. Cha, ooh yucka yo yucka yeh. (Chorus).

You've got the freedom from what you've done, you've got the freedom (Rom 6:18), cause you've been saved by the blood of the Son (Eph 1:7). You've got the freedom from what you've done, you've got the freedom, cause you've been saved by the blood of the Son (Rev 1:5). And so me sing Holy, Holy, Holy is the Lord God Almighty. Who was and is and who is to come (Re. 4:8). The precious gift of Jehovah's anointing (1 Jn 2:20), the lifeblood that was shed by His Son (1 Pet 1:18-19). And so me sing, and so me sing, and so me sing. (Chorus 2x). (Chat Chorus).

We are the Salvation Army fighting for the truth just like the founder Sir William Booth. The Salvation Army fighting for the truth just like the founder Sir William... Booth Teach us the right and him don't teach us the wrong. (AAAAH) Booth Teach us to reach them with contemporary songs. There is a brand new voice for each generation but the Spirit gives the inspiration. So you are to change up the style and change the pattern, change up the rhythm and change up the song, change up the singers and change musicians but don't Change the message cause then you've gone wrong. (Chorus).

Magnify, Magnify, Magnify. Blood and Fire. Magnify, Magnify. Jah Works in mysterious ways and I am one of His mysterious ways (I am, I am, I am). The Bible says we have the mind of Christ so that we may be like Him (1 Cor 3:9). Woe yes I am a radical-different in every way- controversial-the talk of the town hear them say (that) I'm not a Christian because of these dreadlocks I display cha! (1 Sam 16:7) a yucka yo yucka yeah. (Chorus 2x) Blood and Fire, Fire. We are talking about the fire (2x)

Consuming Fire (Outro)

Blood and Fire, Fire and Blood (repeated). So give me the Blood, Blood, Blood and Fire! (repeat). This is the blood of Christ, and God is a Consuming Fire in our life (Heb 12:29).